What is the main idea of this painting?	C1	What did you think of the scene represented in this painting ?
What is the theme of this painting?	C1	Did you like the theme of this painting?
What scene is captured in this painting?	C1	How do you like the scene captured in this painting ?
What visual elements were used in the painting?	C2	Did you like the visual aspects of this painting ?
What colors were used in this painting?	C2	How do you find the colors used in this painting ?
What shapes are represented in the painting?	C2	Did you enjoy the shapes represented in this painting?
What patterns are expressed in the painting?	C2	What patterns in the painting appeal to you?
What materials were used in this painting?	C2	What did you think of the materials used in the painting?
What did the artist wanted to communicate in this painting?	C3	Do you think the artist successfully communicated the intent behind the painting?
What feelings are conveyed in this painting?	C3	What feelings does this painting evoke in you?
What mood is conveyed in the painting?	C3	What do you think of the mood in the painting?
What attitude is reflected in the painting?	C3	What attitude does the painting reflect according to you?
What emotion does the painting evoke?	C3	What emotions do you feel when you see this painting?
What is the impact of this painting?	C3	Does this painting affect you in any way?
What is the context of this painting?	C4	What did you think of the context in which this painting was made?
What is the setting of this painting?	C4	Did you like the background in which this painting was made?
when was this painting made?	C4	Did you know ?
Where was this painting made?	C4	Isn't that interesting ?
What is the message of the artwork?	C4	What do you think is the message of this painting ?
What are the events during which the artwork was made?	C4	Did you know ?
What life experiences influenced the artist in this painting?	C4	Did you know ?
Who was this painting made for?	C4	Did you know ?
Who was this painting commissioned for?	C4	Did you know ?
When was this painting commissioned?	C4	Did you know ?
What does this painting reveal about the artist's calibre?	C4	Do you find the artist's talent impressive ?
What are the stylistic aspects of this painting?	C5	What stylistic aspects of this painting do you like ?
What type of a painting is this?	C5	Do you like paintings of this type ?
What style is used in this painting?	C5	Does this style in painting appeal to you ?
What brushstrokes are shown in the painting?	C5	Did you like the brushwork in this painting ?
What is the perspective used in the painting?	C5	Did you notice the perspective used in this painting ?
What are the key details of this painting?	C5	What key details of the painting do you find interesting ?
What does the artist portray in this painting?	C5	Do you like what the artist portrayed here ?
What is the composition of this painting?	C5	Did you find the composition in this painting skillful ?
