C3	It is his last surviving image that depicts a scene from secular history .	Do you think painting conveys secular history?
C5	Unlike other works by Botticelli , such as Primavera and Birth of Venus , the intimate scale of this work belies its rich , finely wrought detail .	Do you feel intimate scale?
C1	Yet the painter “ revenged himself with an allegorical picture . ”	Do you like paintings on this subject?
C5	Sandro Botticelli was born in Florence and eventually became an apprentice to the Florentine master Fra Filippo Lippi .	Do you know Sandro Botticelli?
NP	Botticelli later befriended Cosimo de ’ Medici ’s famous grandson Lorenzo , known as “ Il Magnifico . ”	Isn't that interesting?
NP	Botticelli was among the most important artists to be commissioned by Lorenzo and began an era that the artists ’ biographer Giorgio Vasari later called the Golden Age .	Did you know?
C4	It is known that Botticelli painted this picture for his own keeping .	Isn't that interesting ?
NER	The theme was a description by a classical Greek writer , Lucian , of a painting by a classical Greek painter , Apelles .	Do you know Lucian?
NP	Apelles ’s painting was a response to an accusation by another painter , Antiphilos , that Apelles was involved in a plot against the king .	Do you like the painting?
C5	Botticelli ’s Calumny of Apelles ( in the Uffizi ) was painted following Lucian ’s detailed description .	Do you like the Calumny of Apelles?
NER	Antiphilos repeated this to the geographer and astronomer Ptolemy , who believed the calumny .	Have you heard of Antiphilos before?
NP	When a key witness testified to Apelles ’s innocence , Ptolemy awarded Apelles damages , which included Antiphilos as his personal slave and recompense of one hundred talents .	Do you know Azone?
C2	To the right is a man with the ears of an ass welcoming the beautiful Calumny as she enters from the left .	Do you like the subject of this painting?
NP	The two women at his side appear to be Ignorance and Suspicion .	Do you like Ignorance and Suspicion?
